(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.) The wind of the changing
seasons blows In the shining, most beautiful
paradise Lightly crossing over to
a new era A finger pointing to the
future on its own I wanna dive into
paradise It's all so trendy So I
'll wear it and be strong I'll
definitely steal your heart Ready, set, go!
Everybody can do!
I started running My dream doesn't always
stop I won't regret it tomorrow Everybody
can do!
Even if it's a little dark I
don't want to see it I'm
excited and curious I'll be strong and
strong I'm not
afraid of banning!
I don't have to say it again,
but this month is the Month of Contact
with the Region.
We aim to be a police force that
is loved by the local residents.
Be kind to the local residents.
Yes, sir!
What should I say to the police?
The police station is right over there.
I'll show you the way.
Let's carry our luggage.
Thank you.
I'll take you to the police station.
That's the real police.
This is what a police officer looks like.
By the way, where's Ryo?
He went out on patrol, but he was
with Ms. Honda at 10 p.
m.
last night.
This is bad!
The chief's order has already begun.
It's going to be tough.
We've gone too far.
He said he wanted to see Sado.
I thought he'd be back by dawn.
What should we do?
They say they're on the move, but
they're such a nuisance.
Let's get rid of them.
Leave it to me.
What are you doing at the police station?
This is our island.
This is the island of the Vio
lence Special.
I won't let you do as you
please.
Are you going to fight with us?
That's great.
They're a pain in the ass.
It's 10 years too early to fight
us.
You're strong.
Who are you?
I'm Honda Hayato of the Mobile
Task Force.
I'm a high-end Honda.
Who are you?
I'm Ryotsu of the
Kamigari Kouenmae
Hashijo.
If you have a problem, I'll fight
you anytime.
I remember you, Honda Ryotsu.
I'm sure the chief will watch a
lot this morning.
After all, we've defeated two of the
Violence Special.
The best thing to do is to beat
them up.
I'm hurt.
Don't worry.
It won't take long.
Really?
I hope so.
Good morning.
I'm sorry I'm late.
Ryotsu!
Honda!
What the hell did you do?
I just got a phone call from the
office.
What?
You're banning me from going home?
What's going on?
Nothing's going on.
Ryotsu!
Honda!
Thanks to you, I've been getting a
lot of calls.
I'm terribly sorry.
I'm Fuyuki Soudok
i, the chief.
You guys should be ashamed of yourselves.
Ouch!
Wait a minute.
We just beat up the Viole
nce Special.
Why do we have to be punished?
You guys are involving the general public.
What?
The general public is angry.
Ryotsu!
This month is the month to strengthen our
relationship with the region.
And yet you...
You've ruined the trust of the general
public.
I repeat my punishment.
Ryotsu!
Honda!
You're grounded for a week from today.
You must reflect on your actions.
Yes, sir.
Ouch!
What?
You're grounded for a week.
That's the same as getting a vacation.
Now, I'm going to make a pile
of plums.
You're so annoying.
You didn't get a single cent.
But you got a week off.
You should be happier.
But I can't ride my bike for
a long time.
What should I do?
Just do what you like.
Don't you have any hobbies?
I don't have any hobbies other than
riding a bike.
Now that you mention it, I don't
think Honda is doing anything.
If you don't have anything to do,
just sleep in your room.
A week is too short.
What?
What was that?
Bike...
Honda!
Where did you come from?
My bike...
Where is my bike?
I haven't finished the plums yet.
Where did you get my bike?
Stop it!
I bought it on the Internet.
It's a Yamaha Pilargo
XV400.
It's a real-type model.
It's less than $500.
It's an even smaller bike.
I can't get it anymore because it
's a limited edition.
Where is my bike?
Wait!
As long as I have this, I can
live a fun life.
I have to do something.
Excuse me.
Ryo, where are you?
I've been waiting for you.
I brought a lot of things.
What are you going to use them for?
I'll make Honda have a hobby.
A hobby other than riding a bike?
Yes.
Look at that.
Are you all right?
Honda!
Why am I here?
It's because you haven't ridden
a bike for a day.
This is a serious injury.
Honda is in the same situation as a
young salaryman.
A young man whose job was a hobby
was robbed of his hobby.
As soon as he was robbed of his
hobby, he got a blow.
Especially a young man like you.
That's the most dangerous thing.
What's wrong with me?
Chief!
Why are you here?
I'm in charge of your supervision.
I'm here to make sure you don
't cause any trouble.
There's already no problem.
I'm not angry.
Idiot!
What are you thinking about?
It's time to reflect on yourself.
You can't do that as a hobby.
Chief!
Look at this.
Where's my bike?
I haven't eaten since yesterday.
I'm going to get sick.
I may never be able to return to
my job.
No way!
Honda is a talented salaryman.
Of course, the chief will be held responsible.
He was put in jail for not being
able to manage.
He was sentenced to death.
He was sent to a desolate village.
Among the people who are more sensitive to
rumors than the city.
He had a lot of trouble with his
subordinates.
His wife and daughter couldn't stand it
anymore.
They left the house.
They didn't know what to do.
They didn't know how to go back
to Tokyo.
They were left alone.
They had a hard time.
Okay.
I'll give you special permission.
Thank you very much.
That's why I'm the chief of
the subordinates.
I'm the chief of the subordin
ates.
I'm good at getting people on my
bike.
You're good at it.
It's good to be away from work.
Shut up!
I'm good at getting people on my
bike.
In that case, you should be away
from your bike.
How about collecting coins?
Collecting coins...
You can start today.
First of all, it's the effect of
Japan.
1 yen coin, 5 yen, 10 yen, 100
yen, 500 yen.
The 10 yen coin of Showa 26
has a value of more than 100 yen.
I see.
It's a coin collection.
Oh, this looks like a bike wheel.
It's perfect for you.
I'd rather have a real bike wheel.
Chief, that's no good.
You're saying things that make me think
of a bike.
I'm sorry.
That's right.
How about knitting?
I'm sure it's perfect for you.
Knitting?
That's right.
You can make a muffler easily.
Muffler?
Dancing is popular these days, isn't it?
Dance.
Fork dance.
Fork...
That's right.
It's a book.
The story of the Trap Family of
Trap Danshaku is moving.
Danshaku, Danshaku, Dansh
aku, Danshaku...
No, I'd rather have a bike.
Chief, shut up and dance.
I'm sorry.
Bike!
Let's go, Ryo.
Let's go, Honda.
Good morning, senpai.
Are you awake, Ryo?
Oh, you're here.
Come in.
Excuse me.
It'll be over soon, so wait.
Were you playing games all night?
I wanted to sleep, but I couldn't.
Because of him.
Honda, what are you doing?
What?
If I crush this one by one in
a second, I can ride a bike with
430,922 more crushes.
Are you going to keep doing that while
you're grounded?
It's going to be a good show.
All right, it's over.
Now, Honda, let's get started.
What do you mean, let's get started?
You can tell by looking at Nak
agawa and Reiko's clothes.
It's tennis, tennis.
Speaking of tennis, it's a hobby.
It's popular regardless of age.
In addition, Japanese women's tennis is world
-class.
If you don't play tennis now, you
can't be called Japanese.
Yesterday, I failed in the cultural system.
Today, I decided to go with the sports
system.
It's before work, so I can't
play with you for long.
Let's move your body a little.
You'll be able to refresh your mind
and body.
No, I'm doing this.
If you do that, you'll be in
a bad mood.
Now, wait.
I'm not done yet.
If I play tennis, my body will break.
What are you talking about?
Is Ryosu there?
Ryosu, Honda, you're fired.
I won't forgive you anymore.
What?
fired?
What's wrong, chief?
I don't care what happened.
Even though they're on a bre
ak, Last night, there was a big r
uckus in Kannana.
What?
Last night at 2 o'clock, Honda, K
ameari, Kouenmai, and
Ryosu appeared on Kannana
Street.
It's called Torishimari,
and it's a lot of cars.
There's a lot of people in the
park.
It's a big deal.
That's not us.
Shut up!
So you guys are fake?
From the testimony of the witness, I know
you two are not mistaken.
No way.
The formal treatment will come out
in a few days.
Probably Honda has a license and a license
plate.
License and license plate?
Ryosu also has a license and
a license plate.
There's no doubt about that.
Until the conclusion comes out, be quiet in
the dormitory.
Listen, don't ever go outside.
Ryo-chan, anyway, I can't
believe that Honda ignores the ban and
roams around outside.
That's true.
Anyway, in the case of Honda, It's
natural to think that someone is talking about
it and roaming around.
Do you believe Honda and don't trust
me at all?
That's not it.
The way Honda looks...
Huh?
He was here a while ago.
Honda!
That guy!
No way!
Honda!
Nakagawa!
Yes!
Ringo!
Honda!
Idiot!
Stop it!
You're going to die!
What are you doing?
Honda, please calm down.
I'm sure the truth will be revealed
and the ban will be lifted.
That's right.
Be sure to be careful, Honda!
If you die, your father, mother, Your sister,
Eve, and your brother's family, And your
grandfather, Koki, will be
sad.
What are you talking about?
I was just looking at the motorcycle.
Don't be ridiculous!
Senpai!
Ryo-chan!
Don't move, Ryo-chan.
I'm the one who got scratched.
If you're just a normal person, you
'll get hurt.
If this continues, he'll really get angry.
That's true.
There's a high possibility.
There's no time to lose.
Let's hurry and catch the real culprit.
I'll help too.
Ryo-chan, who can live without
the police, I feel sorry for Honda.
Senpai, Honda...
Don't drag me into this!
It looks like the police are making a
scene.
If we cause a problem today, we'll
be beheaded.
Oh, it's Honda.
Let's go, Ryo-chan's
husband!
Yeah!
Hey!
Hey, hey!
Make way!
It's Kouki's Honda car!
There's also a Ryo-chan
who's not afraid of anything.
I hate red.
I'll pay you 50,000 yen if
you don't like it.
Senpai!
Shut up!
Don't make a scene!
This is Kouki's Honda.
It's a Ryo-chan who
's not afraid of anything.
If you don't like it, get out
of here!
Get out!
What's going on?
Don't fight!
Senpai, we're leaving.
Yeah!
Let's go, Honda!
But...
How are we supposed to get out of
here?
Hey, you!
Don't just stand there!
Get in the car!
You imbeciles!
Prepare yourselves!
Let's
go!
Yeah!
Let's
go, Honda!
Welcome!
Show me what you
've got!
Who are you?
You're the head of the V
iolence Special!
The head of the Violen
ce Special?
The one in the back is Sigma's
leader!
We've been found out!
I see.
So the two of us are the cul
prits of the Sakagura Miss
ion!
You guys!
I won't forgive you!
Hey, Kishin!
Damn it!
What are we going to do if we
get fired because of Ryoji?
How far are you going to chase me?
There's only one thing you can't
do!
You made me angry!
You're going to pay for this!
We're going to prove our innocence!
We'll be able to ride our bikes
again!
Chief!
Ryoji!
Honda!
So it was you guys!
There's a deep reason for this!
I won't forgive you!
Nagagawa!
Act with more emotion!
This is the scene where you reunite
with your mother!
With this, you'll definitely get more views!
Camera, standby, okay!
Let's get to work!
Next time, we'll earn more views!
Look forward to it!
you